before called gold aysén you passed 6 now
it is simply this
this model keeps the
sobriety and elegance that always
characterized but adds a plus
sportsmanship and a lot more lines
stylized in reality what it does is
follow the trend that he inaugurated there
for the year 2004 to mercedes benz cls that
was to create a coupe four
doors with a coupe-style sedan
what you like most in the news today
on wheels I propose that we try
well in detail this volkswagen cs that
It has a turbo diesel engine of 2
liters and 170 horsepower associated
with a manual box of 6 more
The only one we are testing is the
Equipped with the turbodiésel engine of 2
liters and 170 horsepower associated
to a 6-speed manual gearbox that
They can also carry an automatic
double clutch has no difference
regarding the propellant that carries the
passat but that does not stop
surprise since it works in a way
impeccable in both acceleration and
at the time of going to the supplier for
load fuel in the first aspect
his recovery is remarkable at the moment
of the overshoot that is something in 6a it does
in an energetic way in any other
march but what catches the attention
is your consumption traveling 100 kilometers
per hour with the engine spinning in just
1600 laps the cc spends 44 liters each
100 kilometers and in the city ​​it is
under 6 liters per 100
kilometers with a very relaxed handling the
walking is impeccable since the diagram
suspensions has the commitment of
achieve a balance between comfort and
sport behavior is therefore
firm enough to
travel with absolute stability to high
speeds and bend
with a reduced inclination of the
bodywork
then it is still part of the range
of the passat but what I look for the brand
with this update you can differentiate
the good of the passat and more than anything
accentuate your sporty appearance
the formula is already known but not for
it is no longer effective to take a
existing vehicle and perform
modifications to differentiate it from
rest of the conventional range here the
volkswagen passat received changes
structural design scheme
interior suspensions among others and
the result is in sight and
denominates cc the main changes are
they appreciate fundamentally on the front
with a rethinking of the optics the
grill and the bumper that now what
aligns with the most recent image of
volkswagen is from behind also exhibits
brand new optics with LED lighting
just like the front one in this
version that decidedly invade the
lid of the trunk whose edge simulates in addition
a small deflector inside is
elegant and is made with
materials and terminations according to
the category of the model the position of
handling is optimal thanks to the format
anatomical of the seats and the multiple
of electrical adjustment and even lumbar
which is complemented by the wide adjustment
in height and depth proposed by the
multifunction steering wheel the board is
simple with quadrants
easy-to- read logic and the console
is dominated by a touch screen
from which the system of command is commanded
audio and you see the transmitted images
for the parking chamber that
connects when you put the reverse and appears
under the logo that is in the gate
of the leather trunk in the material seats
off on the doors and front panel and
several aluminum appliques acclimate
this cabin very refined the
habitability is in tune with the
size of the car the rear seats are
ideal for two people of no more than
about 75 meters high more than anything
for the free height in the area of
head due to the fall of the roof to
get the coupe effect and because the
central position will be uncomfortable in
long stretches while there is space
load of excess with 455 liters
the version we are testing is the
exclusive and if we talk about the equipment
in security offers frontal boiled
curtain and side brakes abs controls
Traction stability isofix anchorages
for children's chairs and bi-xenon headlights
next to the corner light function this
means that when you turn in a corner
it turns on
but corresponding fog for
expand the field illuminated at night
It also incorporates throughout its range the
novel fatigue detector is about
a system that identifies the signs
of tiredness of the driver warning him
by an acoustic signal and a
visual recommendation that came the
moment to take a break in the
trip
We reviewed the technical data sheet of the
Volkswagen if you want an engine
four- cylinder turbo diesel in line
1968 cubic centimeters of cubic capacity
a power of 170 cb and a maximum torque or
torque of 358 meters from the
1750 revolutions per minute
comes with a manual box
6 gears and pull the front
maximum speed 227 kilometers per hour
accelerates from 0 to 100 in 86 seconds and
has an average fuel consumption
of 5 liters per 100 kilometers comes
equipped with 235 45 r17 tires
17-inch alloy wheels very
striking the weight of the car is 1557
kilograms and fuel tank
has a capacity of 70 liters the trunk
455 decimeters together